# None of This Should Be Here

The assertion that "life is so weird" came up in conversation recently. So
what? No big deal, right? That's just something people say. An interjection,
offered when there's no clear way to explain. It doesn't necessarily mean
anything, right? Sort of a throwing your hands up at the cosmos because of
course it's weird. 

Sure, that's all fair.

But really, let's think about it for a minute. This life _is_ so weird. How do
we even get to where we are? I mean, it starts off strangely enough. We show up
on a rock, in space, naked and clueless. We observe and adopt the thinking of
whoever or whatever has most of our attention through our formative years,
until we either reject it or internalize it. As children, we wait for a magical
day: the day when we're suddenly "adults"; the day we understand everything
that we imagined being an adult making it through the world takes.

That day never comes, though. And we never understand all the things we thought
we would need to, and learn about all the things we need to know that we'd
never even thought about. We learn what struggle really means, and that it's
always present to some degree. And as if to mock our naive thought that
everything would suddenly become clear, it actually all gets less clear, even.
The further we go, the more we see; and the more we see, the more unlikely any
of this seems. What becomes clearer is that we live in a bubble of illusion, a
bubble that, through collective agreement, allows us to ignore the absurdity.

Sometimes we get shoved out of our bubbles, though, dissociated enough from the
illusion that it sort of breaks down before our eyes. Time stops, or at least
becomes meaningless. What's real and what's imagined commingle surreally in a
mind unconstrained by the usual lenses. We see how the things we once took as
givens are actually precious, and the things that seemed simple are actually
deep oceans. We see the rest of the world, its buzzing energy visible and
present, but distant, far from ourselves, connected only by some wispy tethers
stretching across the void.

We can't stay outside like that for too long--we're not equipped for it. Those
tethers slowly bring us back into ourselves, back within the illusion we know
and have lived, but disoriented and changed for having seen behind the curtain.
Through the discomfort of exposure, we're wiser for having seen the cosmic
ballet, and embrace the way it allows us to experience our human range. We need
a place to be comfortable, after all, to be able to mostly forget that, truly,
life is so weird.
