# Tomorrow, and Tomorrow, and Tomorrow 

Have you ever tried to start doing something every day? I don't mean something
like brushing your teeth--you should probably be doing that already,
anyway--although some nights (and, hell, mornings), that's hard enough. But
that's something you kind of have to do, for hygiene and health. I mean
something you don't _need_ to do in order to keep existing the same way you had
up until this day. 

No, I'm talking about something you _need_ to do to try to get closer to the
person you think you should be for someone--maybe yourself. Something that
actually takes something from you. Maybe it's physical, like working out or
going running every day. Maybe it's mental--something that requires you to sit
down and consciously devote some portion of your precious waking hours to it.
Reading, making music, meditating, whatever.

If you've tried adopting a new daily practice, you know it's hard. Really hard.
Just the idea of committing to something every day is enough to take fuel out
of your tank, before you even do the thing. Building habits is hard. You're
probably going to fail before you succeed. But failing is still progress. It
means you tried. And succeeding requires trying.

When you fail, though, you've got to be sure to not lose sight of what it is
you're chasing, or else it's going to get further and further from you, until
you feel like you can't catch it, and that's when you allow yourself to be
defeated. No. Get up. Start moving toward it again.

Remember that good enough is good enough. You're always going to feel like you
could have done more, or done better, so there's no point in focusing too much
on it and falling into the trap of feeling like you didn't do well enough. If
you're working with weights, five pounds is enough. If you're going running,
two miles is enough. If you're playing music, ten minutes is enough. For now,
anyway. You'll know it very clearly when it's no longer enough, and it will
come naturally. Let the motivation find you, instead of making yourself
miserable searching in vain for it.

We all want to change and be better versions of ourselves. But it takes real
work, and anything that takes work is prone to setbacks. Just give yourself
some grace, and keep going. You'll get there.
