# Yes, But Look Inside

So, I missed the actual date by one day, but yesterday it'd been 15 years since
I moved to Seattle, my adopted hometown. Ever since I was a kid growing up on
the east coast, the west coast seemed mystical to me. There were mountains
there--real mountains, not what we called "mountains" on the east coast. All
the cool trends seemed to come from California. The people who lived out there
were cool and laid back. All the technology came from the west coast, and boy,
did I love technology. I wanted to be a part of it. I wanted that to be me.

Fast forward about 20 years, and there I was, boarding a plane to move my life
to the Emerald City. Surely everything would be different. This was the place.
Everything I'd been waiting for was here. My new life would be so different.

I was so excited when I arrived here. It's so beautiful. I clearly remember the
first time I saw the snow capped Olympic mountains, and the first time I saw
Mt. Rainier (or more properly, Tahoma). The sense of awe was unrivaled. I still
feel humbled whenever I see grand features like these. That doesn't get old.
It's sometimes said that we "live in a postcard" here, and if you've ever
watched the sunset ignite the clouds over the Olympics, you know what I mean.

I spent a few years in a honeymoon with my new home, on a journey of discovery.
Everything was new and exiciting. I was going to new places and meeting new
people. After a while, though, it became familiar. I found my regular spots,
and I more or less had a set of people I knew. I'd driven past downtown on the
Viaduct 1,000 times. The city began to feel like a pair of comfortable jeans.
Novelty has a way of giving way to routine. Routine is a good thing, though: it
provides a foundation to build on. But the ceding of excitement to familiarity
led me to realize that a new place doesn't inherently transform you. It's
ultimately just a place.

We project so much onto our circumstances. We look for answers outside
ourselves. But things outside ourselves aren't what define us and move us
forward. That comes from inside. Sometimes you might need a big change to clear
the path in front of you--this can certainly be useful. But you're going to be
the one to start walking the path toward where you want to go. 

15 years later, I'm still inching along, step by step, ever hopeful, looking at
the mountains and putting one foot in front of the other.
