# Make it Important

A couple days ago I finished a series of bass guitar lessons I'd been taking. I
say "finished," because this class has wrapped up, but you know there's no
finishing when you're trying to become more proficient in a given craft--maybe
especially when it comes to artistic pursuits. You could say that I've finished
starting, because there is and always will be so much more to do.

You could actually say that I've finished starting _again_, because this is
familiar territory. Making music, and bass guitar, are things I've known for a
long time and that've been dear to me for a long time. But life's shifting
tides pulled me away for a time--a long time, in fact. For no reason at all, I
just sort of stopped.

I still have every piece of gear I had at my "peak," when I played in a band. I
didn't want to give up on the "dream" of making music, and knew divesting
myself of the gear I bought might mean I'd never get back into it, so I just
kept it. For years. It was only ever an arm's reach away.

However, an arm's reach away means nothing if you don't actually reach your arm
out. What is it that makes you reach your arm out, though? In most cases, it's
going to be either urgency or accountability.

"Urgency" is an odd word, because we've conditioned ourselves to kind of equate
"urgency" with "emergency," but it really just means that something's of
pressing importance. The root of the word is "urge," after all. If something's
urgent, it doesn't have to mean that something terrible will happen unless
action is taken--but this is sort of where we've gotten to with it. That's a
shame, because we really ought to prioritize our urges more, lest they stop
being urges at all after having been beaten into the background too often and
for too long. 

If urgency reflects our internal desires, then accountability sits on the other
end of the spectrum. Accountability is the marriage of expectation and
consequence. The idea that not living up to your end of a bargain might carry
repercussions is _extremely motivating_ for most people. This is, after all,
largely why people show up for work.

Creating urgency is something that sort of has to come from within, but
accountability can be bought. I'm finally learning that. I've wasted plenty of
time in my life latently not being willing to ask for help. It's not a
philosophy; I just grew up being pretty self-reliant and I've carried that
forward, even if doing that caused me harm. I mean, we quietly love keeping the
things that harm us, or else maybe we wouldn't do it so much. But in an effort
to get past that, buying accountability was my way of asking for help.

It's become clearer and clearer to me that accountability helps me move
forward, and I'm learning to create it for myself, and I'm seeing it have an
effect. I never would have picked up my bass as regularly as I have over the
past ten weeks if I hadn't traded money for lessons where I was expected to be
there, having practiced the material. In reality, the accountability was still
just to myself. I could have showed up sporadically and unprepared, and it
wouldn't have affected my instructor or the others students very much, but I
would've really just been cheating myself. The _idea of being accountable_ is
often as powerful as truly _being accountable_.

In fact, I didn't review or practice the material near enough, if you ask me. I
probably need some finer grained accountability, until I'm able to create
habits that push me naturally in the directions I want to go. But even though I
could have worked harder and more effectively through these lessons, merely
participating conditioned my mind for committing the time and effort I needed
to. It moved me in the direction I want to move.

It's less important how fast you're moving, and more important that you're
moving at all. A long time ago, someone said to me that you're either moving
forward or you're moving backward. You can't really stand still in life,
because life is moving all around you. You've got to move forward just to keep
up.

My next set of lessons starts in three weeks. I've committed to this and by
extension, to myself. It's exciting, measurable, and rewarding--and so
refreshing: it took some doing, and way too long, but I'm moving forward.

![black and white photo of 4-string walnut bass
guitar](img/day-25-bass-guitar.jpeg)
