# Take it Easy

Today I did something that I've been putting off for longer than I'm willing to
even tell you. I updated my resume. Well, kind of. There's still more work to
be done on it, but I made more progress on it than I had in, well, all the time
since I was last working. It's been a while. I have a habit of taking long
breaks between jobs.

I'm not sure why, exactly. It's a dumb thing to do, financially. And a lot of
it has to do with being overwhelmed at the prospect of having to go through the
job acquisition gauntlet again: it's **so exhausting**. 

I think I was accidentally trained to do it after my first job out of college,
when I got a fat severance check when my employer closed down the satellite
office I was working at, and the group I worked with decided that we ought to
try creating a startup, or to get hired on as a well-oiled team at a new
employer. I didn't know anything about all that--the guys with more experience
were the ones who had the grander ideas. I was 23 and liked the idea of keeping
on working with these folks, and while that all got sorted out, I got meet with
my former coworkers and play pool and drink beer at noon on a Tuesday. Was this
what being wealthy was like? Sign me up, I thought.

Ultimately, we didn't do a startup and though we had offers as a team at a
couple employers, we sort of went our separate ways. But one thing I took with
me--even unconsciously--was that taking time between giving your soul to an
employer was maybe worth doing. I still believe this today, even if the time
I've spent hasn't always been productive in a traditional sense, but each time
I've emerged as a wiser person, even if it just meant that I know myself
better. And I think that's more important than a lot of other things, like a
resume with no gaps.
