# Switching Modes

I'm lounging on my couch right now.

"So?"

I haven't been doing that a lot lately.

"Okay."

Let me explain. Historically, when I've been on my couch, it meant I was
watching something on TV. Not that uncommon, I suspect. I mean, there's so much
content out there, and shows have gotten really good, in terms of production
value and acting and all that. Outfits like HBO and Netflix have pushed
everyone further, and it really shows. A common question in casual conversation
is, "What are you watching?" and there's usually no shortage of enthusiastic
answers.

But here's the thing about me sitting on my couch right now. I'm _not_ watching
anything. I'm lying on the couch because I was on my feet a lot today and
didn't want to sit at my desk, where I've been spending most of that time that
I had previously spent on my couch, watching shows. In the past couple months,
though, all I've watched is a season of the always-worthwhile _Bob's Burgers_;
the classic film _Bridge On the River Kwai_; and a couple Phish concert streams
(though you won't find me sitting down for those).

What happened? Well, it didn't happen overnight. Over time, it became clear to
me that I was trading my time, my most valuable asset, for passive
entertainment of questionable worth. I think it came to a head after watching
_The 100_, a series a couple friends liked and that I got swept up into after a
discussion about its final season. This show was neither spectacular nor
offensively bad, but I mention it because it's cleverly comprised of 100
episodes across seven seasons, which made calculating its running time easy and
kind of compelling. At roughly 40 minutes an episode, that comes out to 4,000
minutes, or nearly 67 hours of television. The worst part, though, is the way
shows feel gamified now, to keep you watching. I would watch four or sometimes
five episodes some nights. You know what they call that. They call that
binging. That we call it this should tell us something.

I'd known I needed to change the way I spent my free time for a while, and the
formation of a community I've become involved with helped give me a reason to
sit at my desk more, keeping me away from the couch and the temptation of
video-borne sloth. Over time, sitting at my desk became my natural behavior,
and I simply found myself not leaving the time open to sit on the couch and
brain drain watching TV. It's funny how you find your way into situations that
resolve the inklings you'd had up until then, isn't it? Life's little poetry.

It's so refreshing and rewarding to me that my answer now to "What are you
watching?" is _"Nothing."_ It tells me that I'm at least partially successful
in escaping the attention and time leeches that run our society now, not
selling my sands of time to a content mill looking to increase market share and
boost shareholder value. All that slick production loses some of its shine when
you see it for what it is.

I'm not swearing anything off. I know I will continue to watch television in
some capacity. But it feels good to have redefined my relationship with it and
feel like I'm in control, for a change.

What have I been doing instead, you ask? I'm interacting with real people. I'm
walking my dog and going to the park. I've started running again. I'm writing.
I'm making videos. I'm taking photos with my real camera again. I did a Twitch
stream for the first time. I'm taking bass lessons and picking up my
long-neglected basses and guitars again. And there's much more that I want and
am going to do.

My creative brain is alive again. It's inspired and getting stronger, and **it.
feels. wonderful.**
