# Not Just Whole Numbers

My "half birthday" was this weekend. Don't look at me like that. I know I'm not
the only one who thinks about his half birthday. It's kind of interesting,
because unlike your actual birthday, it sort of sneaks up. You're always aware
of your actual birthday, as it creeps ever closer. But a half birthday? That's
the date that puts on a catering uniform and slips in through the kitchen.

It's not really a notable occasion to anyone other than yourself, but maybe
that's why it means something to me. Birthdays are already pretty personal
occasions--as opposed to those observed en masse, like the new year, for
instance, and a good example, I think, because people always think about the
arc of their lives on that day (witness new year's resolutions, folly that they
may be). Birthdays, though, are acknowledged in a kind of public way, even if
you're not someone who even really does anything for it. But a half birthday?
That's for you, and you alone.

It's a day when you can step back and observe time pacing unflinchingly down an
infinite hallway that you'll only be able to walk down so far. The first half
of your year the pendulum begins its descent and hits the halfway mark at full
speed as it swings through, heading for the other end where it stops for just a
moment and reverses course, another year on your clock. If, on your birthday,
you thought about things you wanted to accomplish in the next year of your
life, it's a really convenient time to sort of check in on them. Are you doing
them? Are you moving in the right direction? Or, like so many other things, did
they fade into the background?

It's hard for me to say, because I'm not the best at consciously committing to
visualizing goals or whatever on a schedule. It's been a long time since I've
"wanted something" for my birthday. But, halfway through this orbit and it's
becoming clear to me there are plenty of things I want. Things I've thought
about forever, but have only begun to actually commit effort toward recently,
at least to a level that I can consciously notice. And I gotta say, it feels
good. And I can't even tell you what was stopping me before, except that I know
it was me, standing in my own way. And I still am, in plenty of ways. So many
ways. But I'm encouraged by how I've begun to clear the path for myself, so I
know I can keep going. Being hopeful is a whole new level. My mind is more
colorful than it's been in forever.

So, yeah, happy half birthday to me. I hope you have a good one, whenever it
is, and that you find you're more out of your own way than you were half a year
earlier.

Â½ ðŸŽ‚ ðŸ’œ
