# Stop Stopping Now

How often have you talked yourself out of something? Out of even trying
something? Maybe you haven't; maybe you're someone who's just always charged
forward. But I think more people are probably like me. We, as humans, are so
predisposed to thinking about how something won't work, in a universe of
uncertainty and eventual, certain hurt--often guided by past
disappointments--that we stop ourselves before we've even started. This is
folly, anyone with enough perspective sees, but the cost of the lesson
discourages us from putting ourselves out there the next time.

It's too easy to spend a lifetime telling yourself why you ought not to; why
pursuing something--someone, maybe--isn't worth it, because anything you've
tried in the past hasn't played out the way you had hoped. We're simple
machines in some sense, and susceptible to the siren song of predictability, to
the point where we convince ourselves that nothing else is possible.

I'm here to tell you NO! STOP THAT. Like a mutual fund, past performance is no
promise of future expectations. They say that to sort of calibrate your
expectations downward, but in this case, I mean to turn them UP. Every single
moment in this life is the culmination of a million factors, and just because
something smells familiar doesn't mean it's exactly the same. 

I get it. There's comfort in the familiar--even if that familiar is something
that's not aligned with what we want--or worse, something that's just actually
not good for us, whether the impact be physical, mental, emotional,
financial--whatever. Look around and there are examples of this everywhere.
Habits are formed unconsciously, just because we keep doing something.

Some habits should be broken, though, and stopping yourself through the echoes
through time of your own doubt and disappointment is one of those. Life's way
too short for this sort of nonsense, and time's way too valuable, so stop
wasting it. Ignite your fancy. Stop stopping yourself and chase the thing you
want. It's not going to happen on its own, and you know this by now. In success
or defeat, you'll at least have made it real, and that's what it is to live.
