# Pfizer 1

After a little over 12 hours, and a little over 300 miles, I'm back where I
started. I slept last night with something similar to the long lost
anticipation of a child on Christmas Eve, knowing the gravity of the next
morning. I even set an alarm for 7 AM, which, if you know me, is not a thing I
do lightly. I had more or less been awake for a bit by then, but having a clear
signal that it was time to get moving was useful, in order to get on the road
for my appointment a few hours later. 

I showered and gathered a few things--my dog supply bag, my dog, my camera--and
headed out, nearly backing away from the house without a single face mask on my
person. Oh, the irony of having mentally reviewed all the things I'd need for
this excursion, only to nearly forget the one thing I absolutely needed and
that I haven't left the house without in over a year.

The drive out was, in a word, blissful. I'm not usually out and about in the
morning, so there's a certain novelty in the morning light, especially on such
a brilliant sunny day, sailing smoothly along I-90 through the majestic
mountains, watching the terrain turn to brown scrub-covered hills and canyons,
stoking nostalgia for a place I used to call home. My favorite internet radio
station provided a perfect soundtrack, book-matched to my setting and momentum,
deep jams and a particularly tasty thermos of coffee propelling me toward my
goal.

The vaccination process was as smooth as could be. The FEMA staff and
additional volunteers were helpful and in good spirits, thanking me for coming,
as I thanked them for being there and providing this service. I complimented a
traffic-directing volunteer's sparkly white cowboy hat because, come on, how
could I not? Juju the dog made several friends, receiving pets and play and
treats through the open car windows.

The injection didn't hurt at all. I didn't even have to get out of my car. The
whole process took no more than 30 minutes.

I'd contemplated the emotional nature of getting vaccinated that I'd heard a
lot about, but I think I processed this preemptively, because in the wake of
receiving my vaccine, rather than feeling overwhelmed with emotion, my mind
emptied and a calmness set in. Maybe it was the arid desert-like setting and
the nostalgia it had triggered in me, wrapping me in its warm, dry air, and the
memories of a simpler, earlier time in my life. Maybe it was just being away
from the place where I typically am every day, having traveled contemplatively
across the mountains in the brilliant morning sun.

Whatever it was, everything culminated into a sense of lately-too-elusive
wellbeing, and I let it warm me for the rest of the afternoon, as I wandered
through a riverside park amongst evergreens and cherry blossoms, delighting in
the company of my dog and bathing quietly in the sun.

As I head back west toward Seattle, out of the Yakima valley, I thought about
whoever's writing the pages of my days, and how they know me so well and today
wrote exactly the story I needed. I'm thankful for those days. I hope your next
one comes soon.
