# The Good Ouch

I just made the appointment.

I've heard a lot about how emotional it is to get vaccinated. It must just
bring the last year into sharp focus, experienced in a single moment as you
step through the threshold into what comes next. It makes sense that this'd be
emotional.

I'm a bit of a stoic, though. I don't show excitement too easily. Like, when
I'm going to be traveling, it's not until I'm headed to the airport that I can
confidently state that I'm "excited." I think part of it has to do with
overcoming all the anxiety inherent in planning and executing something that
involved--it can be a lot for me. So I heard about how emotional people were
getting about their vaccinations, and though I acknowledged that this made
sense, I didn't really _get it_, in a deep, personal way.

But here I am sitting at my desk on a Monday night, where I've just filled out
a web form for a vaccination appointment tomorrow, and received the email
confirmation. And I'm starting to get it.

Tomorrow morning I'm going to get in my car and drive for a while, and then I'm
going to begin bookending this most jumbled period of my life. This period
that, blessedly, I've made it this far through with far less difficulty than
far too many, but a period that has changed me in a fundamental manner. Changed
us all, really.

Forgive me for putting aside the scaled horror that the world has experienced
over the last year. I know. I'm sorry. But indulge me for just a moment. This
time has been a transformative period in my life. A time that demanded an
approach that I never would have adopted on my own, and through its
constraints, a time that's changed me, realigned me, and pointed me in a new
direction. A direction I feel _so hopeful_ about, and a direction I want to
keep moving in after this global ordeal is behind us all. I've grown in a way I
never have before, and I want to keep growing.

Tomorrow I'll physically manifest a step into my own future, my next chapter,
and it'll start to become realer than it has been up until now. I can feel the
wave of emotion building. All my hopes and fears and the ambitions I harbor and
the challenges I know I'll face are going to hit the dam tomorrow, and a
maelstrom of emotion will smash it to smithereens.

My breath has shortened already. I feel the butterflies gathering, and I
welcome them joyfully with an open heart and open arms.
