# Reflection Past the Threshold

Recently I feel like I've been taking more chances. Nothing radical--no BASE
jumping, or solo hot air ballooning around the world, or wire fraud. But things
that seemed a little scary to my former self, things that push myself a little
further out of my comfort zone. Trying to lean into expression in a few avenues
of my life; taking more decisive action where before I would've sat watching
events unfold, quietly wishing things were different, but sidelined by self
doubt and a sense of being already overwhelmed by the status quo.

I'd known I wanted to move in certain directions for a long time, but it still
took the right setting for me to start branching out. I'd always been sort of
fed up with myself in some ways, but that wasn't enough. I've been fortunate
recently that the events and people I've been around have helped clear a path
for me, maybe sensing where I wanted to go but where I was unwilling to nudge
myself on my own. A feeling of invitation, opportunity, and encouragement
joined with my latent desire, and I stepped earnestly across the threshold.

I think the thing I wasn't ready for was the vulnerability. I think I'd always
thought I was comfortable with being vulnerable, but when you really start to
lean a little further into unfamiliar territory, a mirror appears, and you're
forced to see who you really are and what you're really afraid of. For me--at
this point, anyway--it's a neediness, maybe. Needing to know that I'm still
doing okay, but being unable to convince myself from within the void, as I push
myself and the things around me, lest the doubt creep back in and threaten to
shut me down. And I don't have time for being shut down anymore.

It really ought to be enough to know that I'm pushing myself and doing better
than I was before--and I am; I feel sure about this. But the mirror is showing
something in me I either never really acknowledged, or had put to bed so long
ago by not doing the things that kept it awake. And I have to acknowledge it
and figure out how to manage it, because the treasures I seek are not
guaranteed to coddle me back the way I coddle myself, and honestly, it might be
better that way.

It's been rewarding so far, but intimidating. There's growth, but it's still
mildly terrifying to break out of the cocoon you've built for yourself and
stayed in for so long and let the new light shine on all the things you've been
hiding, as you prepare to expand yourself and your world, and redefine the way
you interact with it and the people you invite in. You try something new, and
it might work, or it might not. You can't get too hung up on the not part,
because a lot of things don't work the first time--but some chances are rare
and precious and you don't know how many more tries you're going to get, and
those are the ones that will keep you up at night.

Ultimately I feel like it's going to be worth the discomfort, and that I'm
going to end up closer to where I want to be. But it's not going to be easy.
Life's richest rewards make you fight for them.

Take chances. Hope they work out. Listen to what they tell you about yourself
and your world. Accept it. Learn from it. Adjust for it. And then try your best
again: you're better prepared now.

![drawing on index card with "your comfort zone" and "where the magic happens"
represented as separate non intersecting
circles](img/day-16-where-the-magic-happens.jpg)
