# The Comfort in Being Well-Worn

It was early August, the year 2000, when my car drove up in front of my
townhouse in suburban Atlanta. No, it didn't drive itself--that sounded a
little odd, I guess. I'd bought it with the use of an internet service, and the
salesman from the dealership in Huntsville, Alabama that I'd worked with had
driven it to my house, followed by his wife in their other car, in order that
he'd be able to get back home. I guess I just hated the idea of going through
the traditional car buying process enough that I was willing to just try it on
the internet. It worked.

It's 2021 now, and that car is still my car. If it were a child, by now it
would've moved out of the house, gone to college, and would be anticipating its
21st birthday and being able to go out and swill beer legally in the United
States. It's my car, though, not my child, and those 20 years have put some
mileage on us both, but also some personality.

When it was new, I babied it. I kept it cleanly washed and even waxed it by
hand a few times. I agonized over any evident wear or damage. It owned me, you
could say. All these years later, the novelty of newness has long since worn
off. It's hardly pristine anymore. There are some dents; the key fob has a mind
of its own; the clearcoat has begun to peel; the leather seating surfaces of
the front seats are completely torn up after thousands of trips conveying human
and dogs alike. I've had to replace a broken oil pan and power window switches
that fell apart. Passengers are confused by the lack of a door pull, it having
broken and fallen off a few years back.

Yeah, it looks a little rough, and it _is_ a little rough. But don't you call
my car a piece of junk. Don't you dare. You haven't earned the right, and it
isn't anyway. It's still got turbo pep and I like driving it every single time.
But more importantly, after so many years and so many miles, it's an extension
of who I am. If you know me well, you can see me in the details. I don't think
I even noticed how much until it was pointed out to me. And it made me think
how that, given enough time, we spill into everything we keep near us. And I
kind of like that.

![photo collage of my car: two exterior shots and two interior shots featuring
my dogs](img/day-27-car-collage.jpeg)
